# Learning-shortcuts-in-chemical-space-using-Reinforcement-Learning

This is pert of a research under Prof. Alessandro Lunghi. 

Problem-
The electron spin is an ideal candidate for the implementation of quantum sensing protocols, but the inherent fragility of its quantum states and the limits on interfacing it in relevant environments pose serious constraints to this field. On the other hand, the design of new materials with optimal characteristics is an incredibly hard challenge, as it requires the ability to explore billions of potential materials. In this project, we will explore the use of reinforcement learning to individuate promising avenues of exploration of the chemical space of molecular qubits. Reinforcement learning is inspired by the way humans learn through trial and error and positive outcomes are reinforced by rewards and vice versa. This branch of computer science has revolutionized problem-solving in areas such as robotics, game playing, and more, as also popularized by the achievements of AlphaGO, i.e. the first AI able to beat the world champion of the game GO.

New molecules will automatically be assembled, and their spin properties estimated with quantum chemistry methods. Molecules with promising properties will provide a positive bias to our AI, thus letting them learn from experience. The student will use standard Python ML libraries (TensorFlow or PyTorch) to implement some reinforcement learning algorithms such as (Deep)-Q-Learning or deterministic policy gradient-based reinforcement learning to individuate the optimal organic ligands to bond a central magnetic ion such as Cobalt.
